

Example web sites
www.thrivegroup.ca
www.city of brantford.ca

Can become more dynamic and flashy.

Already have a generic email 'mohawkIOT@mohawkcollege.ca'

Could have a tab thats a contact us.
Could have a form for about us. 
Blog could get dropped. 


Room number EA 310
Jouice building center for partner ship 
JCPI

"In a Netzero building"

Can add a map for where. 














1.  Logo or title of Mohawk:
We belongs to Mohawk college, the logo or title of Mohawk college should appear somewhere on the webpages, maybe in the header or the footer.
  2.  Page "projects":
Under the header of this page,  we can use buttons or small blocks with picture to list all the projects. When reader presses it, a new webpage or window  with detailed content of this project can pop-up . Many people just browse the beginning of the webpage.  If projects are listed one by one on whole page, they won't scroll down to check the projects at the bottom of this page. If we list all the title of projects at the beginning of the webpage, it can solve this problem.
  3.  Extra pages:
Two pages need to be added. One is page of Award, prizes, papers or relevant patents lists that can improve our reputation greatly. 
Even though contact information is listed on the home page or the footer of website, we also need another "contact us" page. All the contact information are listed on this page and allow reader to send message or email to us.
  4.  The header:
The header can be the animation of several pictures. It slides in loop every several seconds to  give the reader more information about our techniques and projects.
  5.  Because people browse website very fast, most of them have no patience to read thoughtfully long page. We must apply some methods to keep the reader's patience to read it. The following strategies can solve this problem efficiently:
  6.  If the content of web page is too long, then separate them into several layers, so that users won't feel bored and lose patience. For instance, apply different background colours in paragraphs of one article, or just simple apply dark and light background to distinguish different layers. Layers can be rows, columns or special area of web page.
  7.  Using lots of pictures  in website may help reader understand quickly and give them more impression about  our projects , our strengthen, and so on.
  8.  The video can also help readers know us more in short time. We can upload small videos in the future if possible.
  9.  Link to other websites:
It's inevitable to link to other websites. To catch readers‘ attention , less links to other websites is better. If reader goes to other website by links listed on our website, maybe they won't come back and spend less time to know us.







